It was early morning as Coy met up with their friend Max, the pair on their way to meet up with the rest of their friends.
Hello, where are you guys heading off to so early in the morning?
...
Even after preparing themselves to tell the driver where they'd be going, Coy still couldn't speak up.
Coy's mouth refused to let any words escape, as they started to curl up in their seat, trying to seem as small as possible in order to avoid attention.
Max, seeing his friend showing discomfort, spoke up on their behalf.
We're on our way to meet up with our friends at Tanxisno Poltence.
The two watch as the driver inputs the data into his GPS, giving it a moment to calculat the route before entering traffic.
What do you guys plan to do there?
I don't know, I'm not the one organising.
So you weren't informed of the activities you'd be participating in today?
No, my friend just said they were excited to go. So I came along as well.
Silence fills the air as the conversation comes toa  halt. Everyone was hit with a sense of awkwardness as max turns to look out the window, fiddling with his hands.
The driver was no longer attempting any conversation as they drove through traffic.
Coy, still curled up in a ball, looked up out the window, trying to ease the discomfort wriggling around inside them.
The billboards. Colours of the passing cars. Various shop sings. Anything. Anything that would get their mind off the atmosphere within the car.
The atmosphere eventually mellowed out. Everyone paying attention to their respective view.
As they came to a stop in traffic, Coy noticed a familiar purple creature on a billboard. Pupple!
Any remaining anxiety disappeared as excitement took its place. Reaching back, they grab on Max's sleeve.
Hey, Look!
Coy's hushed voice was tinged with excitement as they pointed towards the billboard.
It's Pupple! ()'s Pupple!
Max smiled a little as he sees his friend's excited expression, letting Coy pull them over as they leaned over to get a better look.
What's it called?
Max squinted, pretending to struggle to see the words.
(Insert game name), it's coming out on (insert random date)!
Coy turns to Max, their voice growing a little louder as they bounce a little in their seat. The topic of Pupple began bringing them out of their shell.
Do you think (Artist's name) is happy that their Pupple was chosen to be featured in this game?
Pulling their phone out, Coy pulled up his favourites bar. Opening up (Artist's name)'s Tweetie (Coixyitt) page. There, they see a message addressing the game.
The art featured within the game was taken without notifying me. I have absolutely no involvement with the company who is making the game.
I was not even aware before one of my followers told me. I have sent in my complaints via the company's email.
I ask that all my followers do the same to stop them from making the game with stolen art. westealart@boohoo.com.