"You want some water?"
"Gotcha, be right back. Hang tight bro."
Coy watched as Max runs out the room. As they cleared the tears as best they could, only then noticing the cast on Max's arm. 
He was hurt, but... from what?
Coys head began to hurt as they tried to look back, finding a dark fuzzy gap in their memories.
The more they tried to look back, the more it hurt.
As they brought their hand to their head, they found a bandage wrapped around. 
They had been hurt as well, had they been together with Max when they were injured?
The pain just grew worse the more they wondered. 
A constant pounding in their head, a ringing in their ears. As if they an alarm clock was going off inside their head.
"So he's finally gone"
The headache ebbed slightly as a purple... Jelly bean? crossed their vision.
That is, if jelly beans were the size of the average household cat.
They were... seeing things, right?
"I'm here now! Your resident wonder Pupple is here to be your company. Nice to meet you."
The small creature plopped back on it's behind and stretched out it's paw. It's small beady eyes looking into Coy's own.
Coy was going crazy, they were seeing things now.
Whatever had happened was enough for them to start hallucinating. 
Yeah, not they were going back to sleep. This'd be fixed once they sleep properly, right?
They pull the blaket over their head, blocking Pupple from sight. 
"Hey, you're being rude! You didn't even say hi! And you're supposed to shake my hand!"
Pupple's whines pierce the air, as their nubby little hands barrage Coy through the blankets like a baby throwing a tantrum
If they hid for long enough, it'd go away, right?
"No, I'm not going away. Not until you shake my hand!"
...
It just read their mind.
"Yeah! Cause you won't talk to me!"
Coy peeked their head out from the blankets, looking at the small creature. 
"Finally! You're out!"
Pupple clears their through, assuming a proud pose
"Now, lets start again. I'm Pupple! Your resident wonder, it's so nice to meet you Coy."
Once again it outstretches its... paw? singular toe?
"It's a hand! Now shake my hand!"
It's not a hand, it doesn't have fingers.
"Finger smingers. Shake my hand"
Coy lets out a pained sigh, taking hold of the purple paw before giving it a shake.
"That's all you had to do! No need to be rude and hide"
Coy just stares at the creature.
There was no way the any normal person would react to this situation by listening to the creature. It's like, selling your soul to the devil without...
Wait, what if this creature is the devil and just took their soul?
"Pupples not the devil"
It stares at Coy indignantly.
"Pupple is Pupple!"
Yeah... no way this thing was the devil.
"Great, now... "
"Bro, Coy! I'm back dude. With your water too"
Max comes bursting back into the room, the water spilling a little from the cup he's holding as he quickly walks towards Coy.
Once at Coy's bedside, he holds the cup to Coy.
"Here, see if this helps"
Coy takes the cup gratefully, the cool liquid extinguishing the easing the pain to a bearable level.
"Hello?"
Their voice comes out still croaky, but the pain no longer unbearable. They turn to Max
"Hey, uuh, Max, can the see the giant talking purple jelly bean here?"
Max raises an eye brow in confusion
"Giant talking purple jelly bean?"
"What?"
"Yeah, it's right-"
Coy turns back towards the spot where Pupple last stood. But there was nothing.
"here...."
Coy looks around frantically as they notice Max looking doubtful
"No, no I swear it was right there. It was talking to me!"
Max sighs, putting a gently hand on Coy's shoulder. 
"Sorry, I didn't realise you were so tired."
"No- I'm not-"
"Shhh- don't worry, I'll come back another time. Get some rest. Maybe you're not quite fully recovered from the accident"
"Accident?"
A twinge of pain pierces their skull as Max looks at them a little shocked.
"Oh, it's that bad? You don't even remember what happened?"
Coy shakes their head
"No, I... my head starts to hurt when I try to think about it."
"Then don't think about it! I promise to tell you everything after you feel better ok?"
Coy nods
"Ok"
Max smiles and pats them gently on the back.
Well, about as gently as a star sport player could be gentle.
"Now, get some rest. I'll see you later. I'm just a couple rooms away"
Coy nods again as Max gets up, leaving the room.
They really were going crazy, huh?