It had been a couple weeks since they had been let out of hospital.
And they had indeed gone crazy, Pupple had been following them everywhere. 
Through the halls of the hospital. 
Running around beneath the table at dinner
Rolling about on the table when they were on the computer
And even the bathroom!
But, Coy had found a way to escape Pupple. The outdoors.
They themselves had disliked the outdoors before the hospital incident, but now, it was a place of quiet. 
Outside, enjoying the wind blowing through their hair. The rustling of the leaves and calls of the birds.
A nice, peaceful place.
Away from the annoying purple jellybean.
"It's nice to be away from Pupple, don't need to listen to its voice anymore"
Taking in their surroundings, they pull out their notebook and a pencil. Beginning to sketch the scenery of the park.
Their drawing wasn't particularly good, but it was enjoyable to do. 
...
As Coy drew, the fluttering of wings suddenly filled the air.
Looking up, they're greeted by the sight of an old man followed by a flock of pigeons.
As the old man makes eye contact with Coy, they quickly turn away. Pretending to be busy with their drawing.
"The weather's nice today, isn't it? Nice and sunny, barely a cloud in the sky."
Coy glances at them for a second, giving a single nod in response.
"You seem to be good at drawing, have you been drawing for long?"
Self consciously, Coy moves their hand over the drawing. Obscuring it from view.
"Um... yeah, I've drawing for about year"
The old man gave Coy a strange look as they talked. 
"I used to be an artist as well, I was particularly skilled with a paintbrush. But now..."
The old man pulls their arm up, showing how shaky their hands were.
"My hands are far too shaky to paint those beautiful strokes I was once capable of"
"What caused change? Was age?"
"No, while age might've been the part of the reason. Just an car accident, a crack to the head and I could no longer hold a brush"
They lightly slap their own head to emphasise their story
Coy's eyes widen at the mention of a car crash 
"I-"
Their mouth refused to utter another sound. 
Cold sweat running down their back as they tried again
"also-"
"Coy! Write in the booK!"
Coy turns towards the new sound, their heart sinking. Pupple...
"If you can't talk just write in the notebook!"
Coy didn't want to listen to them, trying again and again to get the words out.
"Look, kid take your time. I'm in no rush, I'll listen to you troubles."
"There's not much else you can do when you're old"
A sigh escapes as Coy concedes defeat, pulling out the notebook, beginning to write.